Updated frameworks documentation pages (#502)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/aurora/data-science/frameworks/pytorch.md

#export FI_LOG_PROV=tcp
export FI_LOG_PROV=cxi

export CCL_KVS_GET_TIMEOUT=600

export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$CCL_ROOT/lib:$LD_LIBRARY_PATH
export CPATH=$CCL_ROOT/include:$CPATH
export LIBRARY_PATH=$CCL_ROOT/lib:$LIBRARY_PATH

export CCL_PROCESS_LAUNCHER=pmix  
export CCL_ATL_TRANSPORT=mpi
export CCL_ALLREDUCE=topo
export CCL_ALLREDUCE_SCALEOUT=rabenseifner  # currently best allreduce algorithm at large scale
export CCL_BCAST=double_tree # currently best bcast algorithm at large scale

export CCL_KVS_MODE=mpi
export CCL_CONFIGURATION_PATH=""
export CCL_CONFIGURATION=cpu_gpu_dpcpp
export CCL_KVS_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT=600 

export CCL_ZE_CACHE_OPEN_IPC_HANDLES_THRESHOLD=1024
export CCL_KVS_USE_MPI_RANKS=1
```

> Other optional setup for oneCCL. 

Reviewer: could you explain what the purpose/advantage of the "optional setup"?

Author: added description in the oneCCL page.

```bash
export FI_MR_ZE_CACHE_MONITOR_ENABLED=0
export FI_MR_CACHE_MONITOR=disabled
export FI_CXI_RX_MATCH_MODE=hybrid
export FI_CXI_OFLOW_BUF_SIZE=8388608
export FI_CXI_DEFAULT_CQ_SIZE=1048576
export FI_CXI_CQ_FILL_PERCENT=30
export MPI_PROVIDER=$FI_PROVIDER
unset MPIR_CVAR_CH4_COLL_SELECTION_TUNING_JSON_FILE
unset MPIR_CVAR_COLL_SELECTION_TUNING_JSON_FILE
export INTELGT_AUTO_ATTACH_DISABLE=1
export PALS_PING_PERIOD=240
export PALS_RPC_TIMEOUT=240
export MPIR_CVAR_GATHERV_INTER_SSEND_MIN_PROCS=-1 #to solve the sync send issue in Horovod seg fault
export CCL_ATL_SYNC_COLL=1 #to avoid potential hang at large scale
export CCL_OP_SYNC=1 #to avoid potential hang at large scale
```

> These setup will probably be included in the framework module file in future. But for now, users need to explicitly set these in the submission script. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These environment variable settings will probably be included in the framework module file in the future. But for now, users need to explicitly set these in the submission script. 
```
